[DOC-886] Modify the Migration assessment page and list assess migration steps on Migration pages (#28199)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-voyager/migrate/assess-migration.md

    {{< tabpane text=true >}}

  {{% tab header="Linux (apt/yum/airgapped)" lang="linux" %}}

```bash
/opt/yb-voyager/config-templates/offline-migration.yaml
```

  {{% /tab %}}

  {{% tab header="MacOS (Homebrew)" lang="macos" %}}

```bash
$(brew --cellar)/yb-voyager@<voyager-version>/<voyager-version>/config-templates/offline-migration.yaml
```

Replace `<voyager-version>` with your installed Voyager version, for example, `2025.5.2`.

  {{% /tab %}}

  {{< /tabpane >}}

    Set the export-dir and source arguments in the configuration file:

    ```yaml
    # Replace the argument values with those applicable for your migration.

    export-dir: <absolute-path-to-export-dir>

    source:
      db-type: <source-db-type>
      db-host: <source-db-host>
      db-port: <source-db-port>
      db-name: <source-db-name>
      db-schema: <source-db-schema> # Not applicable for MySQL
      db-user: <source-db-user>
      db-password: <source-db-password> # Enclose the password in single quotes if it contains special characters.
    ```

## Assess migration

Assess your migration using the following steps:

> 1. Voyager supports two primary modes for conducting migration assessments, depending on your access to the source database as follows:<br><br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the assessment.

    Voyager supports two modes for conducting migration assessments, depending on your access to the source database as follows:<br><br>
```

For the most accurate migration assessment, the source database must be actively handling its typical workloads at the time the metadata is gathered. This ensures that the recommendations for sharding strategies and cluster sizing are well-aligned with the database's real-world performance and operational needs.
    {{< /warning >}}

> 1. View the assessment report by configuring the [yugabyted](/preview/reference/configuration/yugabyted/) UI. Use the yugabyted UI to review the assessment report, which includes migration strategies, complexity, and effort estimates.

Reviewer: These steps confuse me. It looks like it should be
1. Start a cluster
2. Update the config file with cluster details
3. Run the assessemt
4. View the assessment on Migrations tab

"Create a target YugabyteDB cluster as follows" step (currrently step 3) really appears to belong on the individual migration pages in the Prepare the target database section

        ```yaml
        ### Control plane type refers to the deployment type of YugabyteDB
        control-plane-type: yugabyted

        ### YSQL connection string
        ### Provide the standard PostgreSQL connection parameters, including user name, host name, and port. For example, postgresql://yugabyte:yugabyte@127.0.0.1:5433
        yugabyted-db-conn-string: postgresql://yugabyte:yugabyte@127.0.0.1:5433
        ```

        Provide the standard PostgreSQL connection parameters, including user name, host name, and port. For example, `postgresql://yugabyte:yugabyte@127.0.0.1:5433`

        {{< note title="Note" >}}

  Don't include the `dbname` parameter in the connection string; the default `yugabyte` database is used to store the meta information for showing the migration in the yugabyted UI.
        {{< /note >}}

    1. After generating the report, navigate to the **Migrations** tab in the yugabyted UI at <http://127.0.0.1:15433> to see the available migrations.

        ![Migration Landing Page](/images/migrate/migration-list-page.png)
        ![Migration Assessment Page](/images/migrate/ybd-assessment-page.png)

> 1. Create a target YugabyteDB cluster as follows:

Reviewer: This step is redundant - belongs in appropriate section on migration pages.

Author: Agreed, but we need to mention what a user can do with the recommendations from the assessment report. I will add it as a tip.

> For the most accurate migration assessment, the source database must be actively handling its typical workloads at the time the metadata is gathered. This ensures that the recommendations for sharding strategies and cluster sizing are well-aligned with the database's real-world performance and operational needs.

Author: far as I know, yes.

        ```

        Provide the standard PostgreSQL connection parameters, including user name, host name, and port. For example, `postgresql://yugabyte:yugabyte@127.0.0.1:5433`

        {{< note title="Note" >}}

  Don't include the `dbname` parameter in the connection string; the default `yugabyte` database is used to store the meta information for showing the migration in the yugabyted UI.
        {{< /note >}}

    1. After generating the report, navigate to the **Migrations** tab in the yugabyted UI at <http://127.0.0.1:15433> to see the available migrations.

        ![Migration Landing Page](/images/migrate/migration-list-page.png)
        ![Migration Assessment Page](/images/migrate/ybd-assessment-page.png)

        {{<tip title="Report recommendations">}}
Based on the sizing recommendations in the assessment report, do the following when you proceed with migration,

1. Create your target YugabyteDB cluster in [Enhanced PostgreSQL Compatibility Mode](../../../develop/postgresql-compatibility/).

    For a universe in YugabyteDB Anywhere, [enable compatibility mode](../../../develop/postgresql-compatibility/#yugabytedb-anywhere) by setting flags on the universe.

> 1. Create a database with colocation set to TRUE.

Reviewer: No my comment was about colocation, I don't know why it is necessary. eg:

If the recommendations include colocating some tables, create your database with colocation set to TRUE.

        ### Control plane type refers to the deployment type of YugabyteDB
        control-plane-type: yugabyted

        ### YSQL connection string
        ### Provide the standard PostgreSQL connection parameters, including user name,
        ### host name, and port. For example, postgresql://yugabyte:yugabyte@127.0.0.1:5433
        yugabyted-db-conn-string: postgresql://yugabyte:yugabyte@127.0.0.1:5433
        ```

        Provide the standard PostgreSQL connection parameters, including user name, host name, and port. For example, `postgresql://yugabyte:yugabyte@127.0.0.1:5433`

        {{< note title="Note" >}}

  Don't include the `dbname` parameter in the connection string; the default `yugabyte` database is used to store the meta information for showing the migration in the yugabyted UI.
        {{< /note >}}

    1. After generating the report, navigate to the **Migrations** tab in the yugabyted UI at <http://127.0.0.1:15433> to see the available migrations.

        ![Migration Landing Page](/images/migrate/migration-list-page.png)
        ![Migration Assessment Page](/images/migrate/ybd-assessment-page.png)

        {{<tip title="Report recommendations">}}

> Based on the sizing recommendations in the assessment report, do the following when you proceed with migration,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the recommendations in the assessment report, do the following when you proceed with migration:
```

1. Create your target YugabyteDB cluster in [Enhanced PostgreSQL Compatibility Mode](../../../develop/postgresql-compatibility/).

>     For a universe in YugabyteDB Anywhere, [enable compatibility mode](../../../develop/postgresql-compatibility/#yugabytedb-anywhere) by setting flags on the universe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you are using YugabyteDB Anywhere, [enable compatibility mode](../../../develop/postgresql-compatibility/#yugabytedb-anywhere) by setting the **More > Edit Postgres Compatibility** option.
```
